Rhian meets Haleema a bit north of Sword Ridge not far from where they first met.
Rhian is still a little scraped up from the fight the night before.
It's clear Haleema notices, but is circumspect about it.
Rhian doesn't want to talk about it, and Haleema takes the hint.

Belloy is happy to be out exploring again.

    Meta: Their first goal is to find the lost caravan, but how to structure this?
          Undertake a journey?
          Just Gather Information?
          Delve?
          Let's start with gather information

    Are there any traces of the caravan?
    Gather Information, +wits
    (1+2 vs 2,7) weak hit
    +1 momentum

    What do we discover? Something that complicates things or introduces a new danger
    The intel we have on where the caravan was last seen is basically correct and leads us in the right direction.
    But that's all the information we have. The missing caravan was reported by other travelers, and they've moved on. A lot of this information has come to us second hand. There were contradictory reports of how many people, what they were transporting, and such. This may make it hard to interpret the tracks of the caravan as we try to track it down.

The lost caravan split off from other travelers to take a short cut. The shortcut should have gotten the lost caravan to their destination sooner, but there was no sign of the lost caravan when the other travelers got to where they were supposed to meet up. This was reported at Sword Ridge and is how Haleema heard of this.

It's early when Rhian and Haleema set out. They walk for the better part of the morning until they get to the fork in the road where the main road and the shortcut diverge. The caravan was lost headed towards Sword Ridge, so there are no specific tracks to follow here, yet. Rhian and Haleema are just following the directions Haleema was able to gather from second hand reports.

This part of the main road winds through some high hilly scrub land. It's round about and the hills make for slow travel, but the open land makes threats easier to spot. The shortcut travels down through wooded valleys. A more direct and pleasant journey, but there's always the risk of whatever lurks in the forest.

    Are they able to find any specific signs of the lost caravan?
    Gather Information, +wits
    (5+2 vs 2,7) weak hit
    +1 momentum

Traveling on, Rhian is the first to spot a sign of the caravan.

    What does Rhian see, and how does it introduce a minor twist?
    * Not just wagon or animal tracks
    * Something that the merchants dropped or cast off?
    * Dead people or animals? Or bits of people or animals?
    * Signs they were fleeing something?
    Maybe a different tack, what bad thing happened to them, and what evidence of that are we seeing?

Rhian eventually realizes, they've been seeing signs of the caravan for a while now, but didn't notice it because they were subtle at first, and have been getting more obvious. Since they're traveling the opposite direction of the caravan, that means that the caravan's tracks became weaker over time. It's like the caravan began to dwindle, or scatter over time. The remains of the caravan may not be in one spot, but spread out and lost throughout the woods. Were they picked off one by one? Were they lured away or enchanted by something?

The party was heading north from Sword Ridge with Fornley Valley to the east. The main road is further west, with the shortcut closer to the valley. As they investigate the tracks further, they notice there are no signs of the caravan to the west of the path. Whatever pulled the caravan apart, it's somewhere in the valley below. And Rhian recognizes this place, and tells Haleema of his experience on his trip to Sword Ridge.
